Container resource detectors + manage resource detectors (#2415)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation: CHANGELOG.md

  ensuring back off instead of crashing, improving overall stability.
- The environment variable `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_RULE_ENGINE_ENABLED` could be
  used to enable or disable the rule engine.
- Support for Container resource detector.

> - Support for enabling well known resource detectors such by

Reviewer: Something like the following might be clearer.
```suggestion
- Support for enabling well known resource detectors by using the environment variables
```
